fix: Include hdfs principal names in discovery ConfigMap (#424)
stackabletech/hdfs-operator: docs/modules/hdfs/pages/discovery.adoc

Contains the `fs.DefaultFS` which defaults to `hdfs://{clusterName}/`.

`hdfs-site.xml`::
Contains the `dfs.namenode.*` properties for `rpc` and `http` addresses for the `namenodes` as well as the `dfs.nameservices` property which defaults to `hdfs://{clusterName}/`.

=== Kerberos
In case Kerberos is enabled according the xref:usage-guide/security.adoc[security documentation] the discovery will also include the information that clients must authenticate themselves using Kerberos.

> Some Kerberos-related configs require the environmental variable `KERBEROS_REALM` to be set (e.g. using `export KERBEROS_REALM=$(grep -oP 'default_realm = \K.*' /stackable/kerberos/krb5.conf)`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some Kerberos-related configuration settings require the environment variable `KERBEROS_REALM` to be set (e.g. using `export KERBEROS_REALM=$(grep -oP 'default_realm = \K.*' /stackable/kerberos/krb5.conf)`).
```

> When you want to use the discovery configmap outside of Stackable services, you need to provide this environment variable!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you want to use the discovery ConfigMap outside of Stackable services, you need to provide this environment variable!
```
